Kelo: Hey, let me join in.
Hinto:Don't be sad. Sure being omega sucks.
Hinto: You get last pickings at meal time, the sleeping hours are lousy and you get treated like a chew toy from time to time.
Hinto: But I was told that the omega is the fortitude of the pack.
Hinto: To keep the peace.
Huata: At the cost of my peace?
Hinto: Don't be like that.
Hinto: You're not doomed to be omega forever.
Hinto: We just have to do something to show your worth to the pack.
Huata: You're right.
Huata: What if we found a big meal for the pack.
Huata: If so we should leave the territorial perimeter.
Hinto: I Didn't take you for the adventurous type.
Hinto: Sounds like fun, let's go for it.
Huata: We need to plan this out.
Hinto: We'll wait until everyone's asleep.
Hinto: Then will make our move.
Anemy: I'm starving.
Anemy I can hear my body eating itself.
Ash: Sleep, You'll forget about hunger in your dreams.
Kelo: Give it up.
Kelo: You're not gonna be crawling into tall grass with him anytime soon.
Trot: What is that suppose to mean?!
Kelo: That you've been replaced, but you already know that.
Trot: Maybe he's right.
Trot: I've have been replaced.
Trot: I'm unworthy.
Huata: I got something.
Hinto So, your pack was just your mother and siblings?
Huata: We were all separated by humans.
Hinto: You're not the only one to have there pack destroyed by humans.
Hinto: But thats not important now.
Hinto: No way!
Hinto: You we'ren't kidding.
Huata: We should take down an adult.
Hinto: But their huge we can't possibly take one down alone.
Huata: That's why we need to go back and get the rest of the pack.
Hinto:  I'll wait here.
Hinto: Go ahead. I'll be fine.
Huata: Susbria?
Huata:Please, I'm not going to hurt your hurt offspring.
Huata: Let her go Susbria.
Susbria: Huata how are you?
Susbria: I just wanted to thank you for releasing me.
Huata: As would I
Huata: But I'm afraid I'm in a hurry
Huata: I promise, we'll catch up later.
Anemy: FOOD!
Hinto: Waiting is boring
Hinto : One little bite wouldn't hurt.
Trot: ASH!
Anemy: Try and dodge this!
Anemy: No way!
Kelo: You picked the wrong time to come on to me!
Ash: Thanks, Trot.
Ash: Huata! Watch out there is a human den in front of you.
Trot: HUMAN!
Huata: I'm sorry
Anemy: Lets eat!
Huata: You're a good friend.
Hinto. aw, it was nothing.
Hinto: You deserve better then to be omega.
Huata: Come with me.
Huata: I want to show you something.
Hinto: Sure, why not.
Huata: Come on.
Hinto: is this safe?
Huata: Trust me.
Hinto: Woah!